README.md, before:

# Lifebeam's Backend Application

The backend API of Lifebeam : Lifestyle Improvement and Fitness Enhancement Application.

## How to Run in Local Server

1. Make .env File

Run this command
```bash
cp .env.example .env 
```
to copy the .env template. Fill the variables with your own valid credential including the firebase service account key. DB URL, and model API URL.

2. Setup Database

In this project, we are using SQL-based DBMS, MySQL, with ssl certificates to connect to them. If you are using the certificates too, make a folder named `cert` in the project root and fill it with your DB's server ca, client cert, and client key. After that, modify the `cert-generate` npm script in `package.json` to suit your needs. And then, and run it.
```bash
npm run cert-generate
```
Make sure to adjust your db url in `.env` file accordingly.
If you are not using ssl, skip this step.

3. Initiate Prisma

Run :
```bash
npx prisma generate && npx prisma migrate deploy
```
to generate prisma client and migrate the existing schema and migration file to your database.

4. Transpile the Typescript Code

Run :
```bash
npm run build
```
to transpile the typescript code into javascript. And then...

5. Run Your Code
Run :
```bash
npm start
```
to start the server.

Commit message:

fix: added npm install step to README.md

README.md, after:

# Lifebeam's Backend Application

The backend API of Lifebeam : Lifestyle Improvement and Fitness Enhancement Application.

## How to Run in Local Server

1. Make .env File

Run this command
```bash
cp .env.example .env 
```
to copy the .env template. Fill the variables with your own valid credential including the firebase service account key. DB URL, and model API URL.

2. Download the packages

Run
```bash
npm install
```
to download all of the necessary packages for the project.

3. Setup Database

In this project, we are using SQL-based DBMS, MySQL, with ssl certificates to connect to them. If you are using the certificates too, make a folder named `cert` in the project root and fill it with your DB's server ca, client cert, and client key. After that, modify the `cert-generate` npm script in `package.json` to suit your needs. And then, and run it.
```bash
npm run cert-generate
```
Make sure to adjust your db url in `.env` file accordingly.
If you are not using ssl, skip this step.

4. Initiate Prisma

Run :
```bash
npx prisma generate && npx prisma migrate deploy
```
to generate prisma client and migrate the existing schema and migration file to your database.

5. Transpile the Typescript Code

Run :
```bash
npm run build
```
to transpile the typescript code into javascript. And then...

6. Run Your Code
Run :
```bash
npm start
```
to start the server.
